Docs for synthetic source (#87416)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/mapping/types/numeric.asciidoc

    sorting) will behave as if the document had a value of +2.3+. High values
    of `scaling_factor` improve accuracy but also increase space requirements.
    This parameter is required.

ifeval::["{release-state}"=="unreleased"]
[[numeric-synthetic-source]]
==== Synthetic source

> All numeric fields except `unsigned_long` support
> <<synthetic-source,synthetic `_source`>> in their default configuration. But
> they don't support synthetic `_source` if you add
> <<ignore-malformed,`ignore_malformed`>>, add <<copy-to,`copy_to`>>, or if you
> disable <<doc-values,`doc_values`>>.
> 
> Synthetic source will always sort numeric fields and remove duplicates so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All numeric fields except `unsigned_long` support <<synthetic-source,synthetic
`_source`>> in their default configuration. Synthetic `_source` cannot be used
together with <<ignore-malformed,`ignore_malformed`>>, <<copy-to,`copy_to`>>, or
with <<doc-values,`doc_values`>> disabled.

Synthetic source always sorts numeric fields and removes duplicates. For example:
```
